[MalwareBazaar Feed] Add 503 Error To Retry Logic (#38950)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMalwareBazaar/ReleaseNotes/1_0_43.md

#### Integrations

##### MalwareBazaar Feed

> Added the 503 error server to the retry logic for the MalwareBazaar feed. This helps ensure that the feed can continue to be processed even if the server temporarily becomes unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved implementation of the ***fetch-indicators*** command by adding the "Service Unavailable" server error to the retry mechanism. This helps ensure that the feed can continue to be processed even if the server temporarily becomes unavailable.
```
